feat: add parity warning and auto cors doc (#127)
embark-framework/embark-site: source/docs/blockchain_configuration.md

- **rpcHost**: Host the RPC server listens to
- **rpcPort**: Port the RPC server listens to
- **rpcCorsDomain**: The CORS domains the node accepts
  - **auto**: When set to true, Embark checks your other configurations to set the CORS domains. This only adds the required domains.

>   - **additionalCors**: Manual list of CORS domains to accept. If `auto` is set to `true`, those will be the only domains added

Reviewer: Maybe this could read 
```suggestion
  - **additionalCors**: Manual list of CORS domains to accept. If `auto` is set to `true`, any URLs specified here will be applied *in addition to* those automatically added with `auto`.
```
